[Ready for Review] Updating BinderHub workshop for RSE Con 19 (#662)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: workshops/build-a-binderhub/workshop-presentations/zero-to-binderhub.md

The following workshop will walk you through deploying a BinderHub onto a Microsoft Azure Kubernetes Service.
It will be a publicly available service like [mybinder.org](https://mybinder.org).

Throughout the workshop, you will see some emojis.
The :vertical_traffic_light: emoji indicates a TODO step and you should use a green or red post-it to indicate to the instructor if you've completed the TODO (green) or are having problems (red).
The :question: emoji indicates a point where the instructor will pause to take questions.
They are placed either at the end of a section to allow everyone to move on together, or after a step that may need more explanation.

## :warning: Before You Start :warning:

You will need the following resources to be able to participate in this workshop:

* A Docker Hub account - sign up here: https://hub.docker.com/signup

**And either:**

* A Microsoft Azure Free Trial subscription - sign up here: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-gb/free/

**Or:**

* A Microsoft Azure Pass - You will have been given instructions on how to acquire one of these by the instructor before the workshop.

> **Important:** If possible, please **do not** create an Azure account with a ".ac.uk" domain of an address affiliated with an organisation.

Author: ```suggestion
**Important:** If possible, please **do not** create an Azure account with a ".ac.uk" domain or an address affiliated with an organisation.
```

Now make a secrets folder inside `testhub` where we will save secrets.

```
mkdir secrets
```

**NOTE:** If you are using version control, it is strongly recommended that you add the `secrets` folder to a `.gitignore` file to ensure secret information is not made public.
Do this **before** adding any secrets to the folder!

### Deploying a Kubernetes cluster on Azure

Adapted from [Step Zero: Kubernetes on Microsoft Azure Container Service (AKS)](https://zero-to-jupyterhub.readthedocs.io/en/latest/microsoft/step-zero-azure.html).

A short (and by no means exhaustive) [glossary](#glossary-of-kubernetes-terms) of Kubernetes terms is given at the end of this workshop, should you require further explanation.

> **NOTE:** You will not need to login to Azure when using the Cloud Shell as it reads your login from the Portal.

Author: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** You shouldn't need to login to Azure when using the Cloud Shell as it reads your login from the Portal.
```

You can also access information about individual pods with the following command.

```
kubectl describe pod <POD-NAME> --namespace binderhub
```

---

## Extra Curricular Steps

### Changing the logo on your Binder page

One fun way to make your BinderHub your own is to change the logo that appears on the Binder launch page.
This is achieved by customising or extending the `html` template the website is built from.
See the [BinderHub customisation documentation](https://binderhub.readthedocs.io/en/latest/customizing.html#template-customization) for more details.

You will need an image file.
[Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) is a good source of free images for the purposes of this workshop.

> For your production BinderHub, ou would probably create your own logo!

Author: ```suggestion
For your production BinderHub, you would probably create your own logo!
```
